[♪ opening theme song playing]
JUJUTSU KAISEN
[TENGEN] Nice to meet you,
child of Zen'in,
Descendant of Michizane,
Cursed Womb Death Painting,
and Vessel of Sukuna.
I guess you don't
have a greeting for me? Tengen.
- [YUJI] So this...
- [MEGUMI] Thing.
- [YUTA] This person.
- [CHOSO] Person?
[MAKI] It's Tengen?
[TENGEN] It's not
our first time meeting,
Yuki Tsukumo.
Tell me why you closed
the Tombs of the Star.
[TENGEN] I was wary of you
being aligned with Kenjaku.
I can't tell what's going on
in people's hearts, after all.
[YUKI] Kenjaku?
What was once Noritoshi Kamo,
the sorcerer who's currently
inhabiting Suguru Geto's body.
A net of compassion
and a rope of salvation.
Wasn't even trying for sarcasm.
You look nothing like
how I pictured you, Tengen.
[MEGUMI] Ballsy to insert
himself into the conversation.
Just because I'm immortal
doesn't make me ageless.
You'd look like this too,
if you were 500 years old.
[YUJI] Seriously?
My aging has sped up
ever since I failed
to assimilate
with the Star Plasma Vessel
12 years ago.
My identity as
an individual has vanished.
Now you can consider
my existence
as the world itself.
[YUKI] So there wasn't
actually another
Star Plasma Vessel back then?
That explains
why there isn't a new voice.
Excuse me.
We came here
to learn Kenjaku's goal.
And also to learn about
how to open the Prison Realm.
Could you tell us
what you know about it?
[TENGEN] Of course.
But I must impose
one condition first,
and it's non-negotiable.
Yuta Okkotsu,
Yuki Tsukumo,
and the Cursed Womb
Death Painting.
I'll need two of you three
to remain behind here.
Remain behind and guard me.
- [Megumi gasps]
- Guard you?
You said you're immortal.
Are you afraid
of being sealed or something?
[YUKI] That isn't fair!
Without telling us
why or how long
we're guarding you.
In that case...
Let me speak of Kenjaku.
KENJAKU'S OBJECTIVE
That man's objective
is to force the evolution
of mankind
throughout all of Japan.
THE EVOLUTION OF MANKIND
THROUGHOUT ALL JAPAN
I heard about that.
But how does he
actually intend to do it?
And why didn't Kenjaku
use your barriers
back when he could...
IDLE TRANSFIGURATION
...to turn everyone in Japan
into jujutsu sorcerers
with Idle Transfiguration?
IDLE TRANSFIGURATION
THE EVOLUTION OF MANKIND
THROUGHOUT ALL JAPAN
[TENGEN] For a simple reason.
He lacked the cursed energy
to do so.
The cursed energy
refined through Maelstrom
can't return to the sorcerer.
Besides, a cursed technique
involving people one at a time
is far too inefficient.
So Kenjaku's
new method of evolution
is to assimilate
mankind with me.
HOW?
ASSIMILATE MANKIND WITH TENGEN
But wait.
I thought your assimilation--
Should only be possible
with the Star Plasma Vessel.
TENGEN - ORDINARY PERSON
ASSIMILATION IMPOSSIBLE
Previously, that was true.
STAR PLASMA VESSEL'S DEATH
ASSIMILATION WITH THE STAR
PLASMA VESSEL PREVENTED
But since I started evolving
12 years ago...
TENGEN'S EVOLUTION
...assimilation with someone
other than
the Star Plasma Vessel
is possible.
ASSIMILATE MANKIND WITH TENGEN
Even so, you're only one person.
He still can't assimilate
with multiple people at once.
[TENGEN] Wrong.
Right now, the image
you are seeing of me
is not my actual self.
Now that I've evolved,
my soul is
everywhere all the time.
Like I said before, the world
itself is who I am now.
People who assimilated with me
would become something
more than a sorcerer.
They'd become a new creature
that at the same time
is both there and not there.
It is because of
my barrier techniques
that I was able to
retain my shape and reason
after I started evolving.
However, if mankind were
to begin evolving,
even if only one person
went out of control...
OUT OF CONTROL
- ...the world would end.
- [YUKI] Why?
[TENGEN] There would be no
boundaries between individuals.
Evil would spread
to all instantly.
The impurities
of 100 million people
would flood the world.
What happened in Tokyo
would be recreated
on a worldwide scale.
What would make him
wanna do something like that?
[TENGEN] That, I do not know.
As I said, there's no telling
what's inside people's hearts.
WHY?
UNKNOWN
If that's the case,
as long as you
reject the assimilation,
won't everything be fine?
Now we're getting
to why I need guarding.
Since I have evolved,
my nature is closer to that
of a cursed spirit
than it is to that
of a human being.
So I can be targeted
by Cursed Spirit Manipulation.
[all gasp]
Considering Kenjaku's
enormous strength as a sorcerer,
I would likely be absorbed
the moment he made
contact with me.
That's why my main body
is rejecting everything
in the Tombs of the Star
right now.
That's why you need guarding?
Correct.
Kenjaku is second
only to me in his skill
with barrier techniques.
I don't know when he'll
manage to break the seal
on the Tombs of the Star.
Why is this happening now?
The Star Plasma Vessel
assimilation failed.
You've been forced to evolve,
so he wants to absorb you
with Cursed Energy Manipulation.
It also seems Kenjaku
has connections to Sukuna.
Which means he's been a sorcerer
for at least 1,000 years.
So then, why now?
Because myself,
the Star Plasma Vessel,
and the Six Eyes
are all connected by fate
and intertwined with each other.
TENGEN - STAR PLASMA VESSEL
SIX EYES
Twice in the past,
Kenjaku was stopped
by the sorcerer
with the Six Eyes.
The second time,
he was thorough.
He killed both
the Star Plasma Vessel
and the bearer of the Six Eyes
within a month of their birth.
Despite that, the Six Eyes
and the Star Plasma Vessel
still appeared by the day
of my assimilation.
After that, Kenjaku
altered his strategy
to focus on sealing the Six Eyes
instead of killing him,
as he began searching
for the Prison Realm.
After all,
there can't be two people
with the Six Eyes
at the same time.
However, 12 years ago,
something
unpredictable happened.
Toji Zen'in intervened.
UNPREDICTED EVENT
TOJI ZEN'IN INTERVENES
He was physically gifted
through a Heavenly Pact.
And he was unique among them
for being completely free
from cursed energy.
[MAKI] Mm.
[MEGUMI] Hmm.
[TENGEN] Since his Heavenly Pact
placed him outside of fate,
he decided to destroy
the very fate that connected us.
STAR PLASMA VESSEL'S DEATH
Then, a young man with the power
of Cursed Spirit Manipulation
appeared.
Without even trying, he now had
all the necessary pieces
except for the Prison Realm.
CURSED SPIRIT MANIPULATION
STAR PLASMA VESSEL'S DEATH
But, six years ago,
the Prison Realm made its way
into Kenjaku's hands, as well.
PRISON REALM
If Kenjaku has the Prison Realm,
then why is
this Culling Game being hosted?
It's a warm-up
before assimilation.
My assimilation with people
other than the Star
Plasma Vessel is possible.
But at the moment,
there's a high probability
it will result in
something incomplete.
The Culling Game uses
the cursed energy of the players
and the boundaries
formed between the Colonies,
in a ritual
to send this nation's people
to the other side.
He probably plans
to use that as a warm-up
to start their assimilation
with me.
MANKIND - TENGEN
THE CULLING GAME - WARM-UP
However,
to establish that ritual,
Kenjaku should've been forced
to accept several pacts.
One of those pacts
is that Kenjaku is not allowed
to name himself
the Culling Game's Game Master.
Unfortunately, that's
a disadvantage to you as well.
Because it means that killing
Kenjaku won't end the game.
Either all of the players
must die,
or the players must all refuse
to participate and die.
The rules specifically mention
that nothing must
significantly hinder
the continuation
of the Culling Game.
An insurance policy
to prevent the ritual
from being stopped.
In that case...
Yeah, right.
All of us need to participate
in the Culling Game.
And add a rule that creates
a way out of the game
for Tsumiki and those
reluctant to participate.
We need to free Gojo Sensei
at the same time.
He could resolve this all
entirely on his own.
ITADORI'S FRIENDS' OBJECTIVE
CREATE A RULE
TO ESCAPE THE CULLING GAME
FREE SATORU GOJO
Uh, what do we do next?
First, please decide
which of you will stay behind.
[YUKI, CHOSO] I'll do it.
I'll stay.
[YUJI, MEGUMI] Huh?
Yuji, you are absolutely
going to need the help
of either Okkotsu
or that woman,
Noritoshi Kamo.
If Kenjaku comes,
that's all the more reason
for me to guard Tengen.
I must do so because
slaying him would mean
saving my younger brothers.
[YUKI] I'm still not finished
talking with Tengen just yet.
Does that sound okay, Okkotsu?
Yeah, I don't wanna be
separated from everyone anymore.
Thank you.
Now this.
This is the Back
of the Prison Realm.
If you plan to free Satoru Gojo,
you'll need it.
The back?
First I've heard of it.
Like a back door?
That's right.
Before Kenjaku found it,
the Prison Realm was
outside of my barriers.
Probably somewhere abroad.
I thought
keeping this Back sealed
would obscure
the presence of the Front,
but it didn't work.
Satoru Gojo is also sealed away
within this back gate.
What? Then let's open it
and let him out!
[TENGEN] No,
the authority to open the gates
rests with the owner
of the Front.
Kenjaku.
In order to break this one open,
you need either
the Inverted Spear of Heaven
that can force the cancellation
of cursed techniques,
or something
that can disrupt and cancel out
the effects of
a cursed technique.
The Black Rope could do it.
However, 12 years ago,
Satoru Gojo either sealed
the Inverted Spear of Heaven
abroad or destroyed it.
Ugh! Why would you
do that, Sensei?
[TENGEN]
And last year, the black rope
was also completely
frayed by Gojo.
Ugh! What was he thinking?
[chuckles]
Reminds me of Miguel.
We went to Africa
looking for some more
of that Black Rope.
So that's where you were.
Please tell me you found it.
Sorry, but it was
a complete waste of effort.
- They said it's all gone.
- Huh?
Is there another way?
[TENGEN] There is.
Among the players participating
in the upcoming Culling Game,
there's a sorcerer
from 1,000 years ago
who calls herself "Angel."
ANGEL
Her cursed technique
can extinguish
any other cursed technique.
HANA KURUSU
EPISODE 50
ABOUT THE CULLING GAME
[MEGUMI] Extinguish
any cursed technique?
[TENGEN] Yes.
And Angel's cursed technique
also has the power
to open the Back
of the Prison Realm.
Can you tell us
where she is right now?
She's in the Colony
on the east side of Tokyo.
The barriers
of the Culling Game reject me.
I'm afraid I don't have
any more information than that.
[gasps]
[TENGEN] Let's start
going over things from there.
There are 10 Colonies
across Japan.
They are linked together
by barriers
designed to ferry the country's
people over to the other side.
[AKARI] Crossing a river
or other border,
acts that symbolize
crossing over to the afterlife,
these carry important
meanings in sorcery.
Oh. It's like
with Yasohachi Bridge!
YASOHACHI BRIDGE'S RIVER
OTHER SIDE - COLONIES' BARRIERS
The Jujutsu Society's barrier?
So, is Hokkaido excluded?
[TENGEN] It is.
That land is already established
as a vast sacred ground.
I guess that's
"the challenging land" for you.
[TENGEN]
"Ferry them to the other side"
may sound a bit dramatic,
but everyone in Japan was cursed
in preparation
for the upcoming assimilation.
WARM-UP COMPLETE
THE CULLING GAME
[MEGUMI]
Tell me about this ritual.
How long will it take
to complete?
Depends on the Culling Game.
My guess, it's over
in two months.
1: PLAYERS MUST GO TO A COLONY
WITHIN 19 DAYS
AND PLEDGE THEIR PARTICIPATION
IN THE CULLING GAME.
It is currently 9:00 a.m.
on the 9th of November.
Nine days since the players
awakened as sorcerers,
which happened October 31st,
around midnight.
That gives us about 10 days
and 15 hours to go
before Tsumiki's forced to play.
REMAINING TIME UNTIL TSUMIKI
MUST ENTER THE CULLING GAME
OBTAIN 100 POINTS AND ADD A RULE
ALLOWING PEOPLE TO ESCAPE.
2: PLAYERS BREACHING RULE SHALL
BE STRIPPED OF THEIR TECHNIQUE.
Tengen, you said before
that people would die
if they refused to participate.
That's right.
They get stripped
of their technique, huh?
I believe that rule also applies
to any sorcerers
joining in later.
If that's the case,
the stripping isn't being done
by Idle Transfiguration.
It's not a pact either.
Because it says "stripped,"
not "prohibited."
[exhales]
So that probably means
it'll be doing something
to the brain by force.
And it's better for the rules if
being stripped means death, too.
Otherwise, everyone
would refuse to participate.
It's just as Shoko anticipated.
But that also means
there's no risk
to sorcerers without any
cursed technique like me.
And what'll happen to Panda?
Does he even have a brain?
3: NON-PLAYERS SHALL BECOME
PLAYERS UPON ENTERING A COLONY
About this rule,
what does it mean
for the ordinary people
who are in the Colony
from the start?
It means anyone who wants
will be granted at least
one chance to leave.
For real?
How awfully generous.
[TENGEN] There are
no stipulations in the rules
about leaving
or entering Colonies.
They were probably trying
to stimulate the Culling Game
by giving players
a clear first-time goal
of leaving the Colony
with their lives intact.
In order to keep the players
inside for the duration,
the premise that players entered
of their own free will
is extremely important.
Ino mentioned that thing about
adjusting the barrier strength.
4: PLAYERS WILL RECEIVE POINTS
UPON ENDING THE LIFE
OF ANOTHER PLAYER.
ENDING THE LIFE
[Yuji exhales]
5: POINTS SHALL BE DESIGNATED
BASED ON THE VALUE
THAT THE GAME MASTER
GIVES THEIR LIFE
Using "fundamentally" in a rule.
Why make it confusing?
- [Megumi grunts]
- Eh, is something wrong?
[MEGUMI] It's nothing.
Tengen, who is this Game Master?
GAME MASTER
[TENGEN] Every individual player
is given a shikigami
called "Kogane."
To be precise,
Kogane isn't the Game Master.
It's an interface.
It's best to think of
the Culling Game itself
as the Game Master.
Okay, I got it.
6: BY SPENDING 100 POINTS,
PLAYERS MAY NEGOTIATE
WITH THE GAME MASTER TO ADD
AN ADDITIONAL RULE
So we can add, but
we're not allowed
to eliminate any existing rules.
[Yuji groans]
Maybe we'll be able to come up
with some kind of workaround.
7: THE GAME MASTER MUST APPROVE
ANY ADDITIONAL RULES
How's that allowed?
Yeah, right.
It leans too heavily
on their own judgment.
No.
You should expect
a fair decision
when it comes to all challenges.
They're already
subjecting the players
to such stringent rules.
Jujutsu sorcery
would not allow them
to show more favoritism
towards Kenjaku.
8: PLAYERS WHO DO NOT SHOW
A CHANGE IN POINTS
WITHIN 19 DAYS SHALL BE
STRIPPED OF THEIR TECHNIQUE.
So then, does that mean
I'll be killing people again?
Maybe not.
I have a few ideas.
[MAKI] We've managed to organize
our information for now.
That just leaves the roles
for each of us.
FUTURE ACTIONS
Yuki and Choso will remain here.
They'll guard Tengen.
CHOSO - YUKI TSUKUMO
GUARD TENGEN
Meanwhile, I need to return
to the Zen'in house
to get their cursed tools.
Right after Gojo was sealed,
the Kamo and Zen'in clans
both took their cursed tools
out of Jujutsu High's
forbidden vault.
However, Megumi's now
the head of the Zen'in clan.
- Huh?
- I'll explain it to you later.
So we're free to rummage through
the Zen'in's forbidden vault.
But, before that, Tengen?
I know what you want.
It's Juzo Kumiya's atelier.
Yes, thank you.
Once I'm finished,
I'll look for Panda.
After that, I'll help
deal with the Culling Game.
And you, Yuta?
I'll enter a Colony and
participate in the Culling Game.
The sooner, the better.
Before Tsumiki and
Fushiguro enter,
I want to know as much as I can.
Then I'll be
thoroughly prepared.
Thank you.
It'll mean acting
on my own once again.
However, in order to prevent us
from clashing with each other,
and in case something does
happen to Tsumiki out there,
I'll avoid the nearby Colonies.
We should be aware
that the Colonies
might cut off reception,
so I might be
out of contact for a while.
[both gasp]
If Sukuna appears
and takes control of me again,
I need you to kill me.
Having Okkotsu near Itadori
would keep Fushiguro safe,
but it would be more efficient
for Okkotsu to act alone.
- [groans]
- Don't worry about that now.
It's gonna be fine.
If that happens,
you can have him kill you.
After I die.
Yeah, well, I'm trying
to avoid that situation.
Maki.
Right.
I want you two to meet up
with Kinji like we planned.
Kinji?
Kinji Hakari.
The third-year guy
that got suspended.
We're shorthanded,
so it's all hands on deck.
Do whatever it takes
to recruit him.
[YUJI] Is he strong, at least?
He's a bit erratic,
but if he gets into it, he can
be even stronger than I am.
That is impossible.
KENJAKU'S OBJECTIVE (ROAD MAP)
THE EVOLUTION OF MANKIND
THROUGHOUT ALL JAPAN
THE CULLING GAME'S OBJECTIVE
ASSIMILATE MANKIND WITH TENGEN
ITADORI'S FRIENDS' MISSION
EACH PERSON'S ACTIONS
PARTICIPATE IN THE CULLING GAME
REMAIN IN THE TOMBS OF THE STAR
Choso!
I wanna thank you
for all the help.
Don't die out there.
[Choso crying]
- Are you really crying?
- [CHOSO] Shh. Shh.
[yawns]
Uh, thanks for coming.
- [scattered applause]
- [MAN] Takaba!
How long are you
gonna keep doin' that crap?
Cut it out! [sighs]
You're making me depressed.
The audience too.
[TAKABA] Yeah, I know.
[sniffles]
[MAN] How old are you now?
35 years old.
Just give it up already!
Our industry,
it's full of late-bloomers
who suddenly make it big
for no good reason.
But not a single one
out of the blue suddenly
actually became funnier!
They were already funny people
waiting patiently
to be discovered.
That ain't the case for you.
Look what happened to Tokyo.
No one's gonna think ill of you.
Go do something
you're actually suited for.
- [door opens, closes]
- [sobbing]
I always thought
you were kind of funny.
- You always made me laugh.
- Huh?
You mean it, Ken?
Both you and him
have the wrong idea.
There are people who ain't funny
that still make it big.
Are they one-gag comics
like me, though?
Absolutely not.
There are two types of comedians
that manage to stay big.
Comedians who are always funny,
and comedians who can go ahead
and delude themselves
into believing they are.
[exhales]
So which type are you?
[TAKABA] Well, I'd like to think
I'm 50-50. [chuckles]
But in actuality, it's probably
a lot closer to 70-30.
Uh... [inhales sharply]
- [♪ suspenseful music playing]
- 50-50 or 70-30!
CULLING GAME PLAYER
FUMIHIKO TAKABA
[♪ closing theme song playing]
- [MAKI] Mai, let's get started.
- [MAI] Why did you come here?
[NAOYA] I think I'll bully you
like I used to, remember?
[MEGUMI] Please do it, Maki.
[MAI] You are me, and I am you.
[MAKI AND MAI'S MOTHER]
I gave birth to you.
[OGI] Absolutely ridiculous.
[MAI] Destroy everything.
NEXT EPISODE
PERFECT PREPARATION